Thank you very much for this video. Thank you again. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.
Again, we completely understand that our motivation, beautiful motivation of the new and
application, has been great for many reasons. Really, I mean, it's a... We have so many... In the
walking level, we have so many good times, but definitely we should be grateful. Great time and
just happy.
You're in your... And then the spiritual, the Dharma level, we have so many good things. Dharma,
Dharma level, and then for the Lord, we are connected to the Walking people.
They call it teaching, all the lineage masters teach it into the highest teaching, teaching of the
greatest teacher, the greatest teacher of the Buddha, Satyamuni ever gave. All the goddess, there's
nothing higher to be more, I mean, talking than that, really, they're teaching always, they say.
Because the reason is directly is discovery and connected with our inner nature, nature of the
Buddha nature, nature of the mind, Satyamuni ever. All the other Buddha's teaching, generally, or
until the lokshi, lokshi teaching is all connected with mind. Mind is leading the mind. Mind is
leading the mind.
So mind is a sport of mind, which is wonderful. It is like, as the homo-pathetic techniques. Use
the same technique to dispel the difficulty of that trouble. Same technique is homo-pathetic.
So all that, until the lokshi is mind, by just helping to the mind, and then moving to the
enlightenment, which is wonderful.
And the lokshi teaching, particularly also in the teaching method, is like big instructional
teaching. What we follow, talk to children, talk about teaching, is really directly, not just mind
by mind, is directly connected to them, versatile, pretty much, you're versatile.
So it's versatile. It's two versatile. What did the teaching say? Use mind as part or the versatile
as part. All the other teachings are used mind as part. Part is the progress, realization, to break
it.
But no kidding. Estently, versatile as part. That immediately connect to the nature. And also we
measured, or according to the teaching, I have read it and you've all heard so many times.
What that is, for example, is a symbol. Look into the lookers. That moment, we are to the ultimate
state of the true nature.
There is nothing higher, deeper, vast, and profound, fewer than that, really. But now, what it is,
we have to maintain. That is what we have to keep.
Also maintaining, although we maintain, exactly as nature, the wisdom, the primordial wisdom, those
are techniques used as immovable techniques we maintain in it.
And any duality, any interpretation, we liberate it. Those are techniques we do. During the fourth
meditation, we liberate it. During the fourth meditation, we liberate it.
And we can. As much as we can liberate all the disturbance, emotion, and philosophical, that means,
that is sign of how we are good practitioners.
And we can liberate it, as it arises. Incidentally, we are the top cookies itself. Really, top
cookies of the practitioners. You are now fellowship.
But we can liberate it after two seconds, or three minutes, or fifteen minutes. Still good, not
whole day.
Then, but if you carry that continuity, even if you practice the doctrine, and you carry that
continuity, then almost we are the same as a good person, unpractical.
I think it might be really difficult. So, measurement of the realization is not somebody says
something to you, or something you have dreamed, or vision, all these things.
Ask ourselves, how much really we are progressing, how much are we liberating?
And then, same time in teaching, you say, how much joy you have, how much appreciation you have,
how much body together you have.
Kind is comparable. Those are the nugget signs of the realization, achievement in the teaching.
She really says, all the others, visions, and dreams, and somebody says, I might be told that this,
that is all we trick into ourselves.
Not really that. But ever we happen, all those beautiful dreams and visions, same time we have so
much compassion, love, kindness, and we can liberate all the emotions of that.
That is meant. That is meant. Then that vision, dreams are good, is a true sign.
But otherwise, those dreams and visions, many times in the teaching, they are tricking, tricking,
tricking, and that will then deviated us from the part and the meaning strings.
Therefore, be practical. Be practical. Be practical, strong, and more sensible, stay on the ground.
Not powered, carried by the force of the whole different. That is what the great Master Padra means
. Not carried by the rainbow balls.
And kind of talking, holding things, but the reality is nothing really happens, happens in our
heart and mind.
So, all those reasons, we have such a beautiful, really teaching, all that we are connected with.
This is great, generally Buddha teaching, particularly Dandar teaching, and Shakyi teaching. It's
our trick.
Your trick is not something that is happened, truly you are connected to these.
In Buddha teaching, there is no good extent of that. Always has beautiful cause and condition.
On the scene, behind the scene, power, distance, sense, that's all coming, kind of mutualizing.
And therefore, really this all connected with you. Generally you have devotion, joy, appreciation,
particularly Dharma.
And particularly Shakyi teaching, it's your, that means you are connected, truly you are connected.
Therefore, by having those things, increasing more joy and appreciation, devotion, bodhicata, that
will make more blooms, more glowing, more really act really there.
And then just become one of the really beautiful person beings in this world.
And we have to be, we can be happy in joy, be simple, humble, be happy in joy.
But live this world with joy and happy, happy in our future, right.
This tradition is really bright, according to teaching and all the great markets.
And we have to be, because the cause tells the future.
How what we are doing now will tell the future.
Even though we don't see the future, we don't have omniscient to judge the future.
Whatever you do, good things, good things, rest upon the competition, bodhicata, and practice all
this.
That really tells the future is how that will be.
Well be there for me all, this, with practice is so, so special and feel happy in joy, with that,
and then bodhicata, thought, vastness, motivation, bodhicata.
Again, the motivation, vastness, motivation, bodhicata, for all sentient beings, living beings, and
wishing good things.
Even we do short practice meditation, but we do good bodhicata, thought, really energy, it makes so
much powerful, so much powerful.
And then we dedicated that magic also with the same way for all the living beings, not just
selected these, that, that.
We can highlight those loved ones, we love that, to that person, and then all the basic sentient
beings.
That's dedicated, that this, the body that are taught all the time in a dedication and aspirations
are so, so important.
You know, teaching mentioned really the aspiration is the, the tool, T-O-O, and tool to actualize
all the realizations and performance, all the vehicles.
When we do the aspiration, we're making wish.
That means we openly draw what we like to be in the future, what we like to achieve.
And may all living beings be free from suffering.
That is intention. You said it holds a mind, but everything is according to Buddhism, it's created
by mind, everything.
Everything is not started, it came to us. We started, our mind started, then we activate, then we
perform.
All the fulfillment is started from the mind.
And we do the good aspirations. Aspirations, really that is the tool in the Buddha's teaching.
See, aspiration is so important, with good heart, with God, bodhicata, and with every aspiration,
pray for that.
And it's also wish in bodhicata, wish in bodhicata, bodhicata has two, right?
Wish in bodhicata, actualize in bodhicata. Wish in bodhicata is a wish-sentient day.
That means you're not, you can't do it immediately.
Immediately by the word, physically, verbally, you cannot solve the problem, but sincerely you're
wish.
We're wishing. How long? Wish. May all living beings have happiness and cause of happiness.
Now, sincerely thinking that, and my thinking says, when bodhicata, when we reach for some limits,
when we reach for this.
For example, parama das, sixth parama das is already known.
The sixth parama das, last parama das, the sixth parama das, which is the western parama das, is
divided into four more, four more.
Those are known as parama das of the skilled beings, parama das of the aspirations, parama das of
the power.
The parama das of the power, parama das of the aspirations, parama das of the western, the promoted
western.
Those are four parama das divided for the more, these western parama das.
And this when that, for further, the aspiration parama das, on the ninth booming in the teaching
city.
So it's like, almost the last booming, the for furthering, the aspirations.
For example, bodhicaka, when we joined, the gracious teacher, you met 500 aspirations.
You praised the white lotus.
That aspiration, same as we met aspirations.
We came over the same thing, being free from suffering.
The same aspirations.
Buddha did 500 different.
And you praised the white lotus.
Whoever, whoever gave your name, names, will not return to the samsara.
The most gracious teacher, I feel, how many? It's true, that's what we, praise, that's the great
master, the master of praise.
Because aspirations, because aspirations, all the Buddhas appreciated him as white lotus.
Among all the lotus, lotus, there's so many red lotus, but there's only one white lotus.
In the teaching city, the initial time, long before the Buddhas get enlightenment, during the
development of bodhicaka, one thousand Buddhas.
And in this universe, there's a big lake, big lake.
And there is so many lotus, beautiful, unbelievable lotus blooming.
And then there is only one lotus.
It's one white lotus, one white lotus.
And the Divine, so God, says, oh, how wonderful, beautiful, look at so many beautiful lotus.
But there is only one white lotus.
Why is that? Why is that?
And then Buddhas said, all those red lotus represent all rest of the 999,000 Buddhas.
Maybe not called it, 989 Buddhas.
But one lotus white is referring to the poor Buddha, the Buddha Shakyamuni.
That's why the Buddha Shakyamuni is praising.
Because the Buddha Shakyamuni see, the Buddhas all see the future.
The one Buddha predicted how the future will be.
When you reach enlightenment, maybe you become a Buddha.
Buddha and what this real land will be, this and that, that.
That, they all pray good things.
And in one era, it's so difficult, hard to subdue, hard to tame the mind of sentient beings.
That era is called pre-degenerated world, world.
And five, I'm not going to list it or trying to find out, but you can look in the books.
And particularly you can look in the Googles.
So you look, there's five, the five degenerations, five degenerations.
This Buddha Shakyamuni era is the degeneration of the five, five degeneration.
Their idea is so difficult to tame because their belief is so strong.
Their desire to spend is also short.
And the emotion is so rough, rough, rough, too difficult.
And all the 999 Buddhas are kind of ignored and take all the other few hundred errors.
But Buddha Shakyamuni is the one who said, "I will take that.
I will become the Buddha at that time."
And the Gratian teacher becomes the Buddha.
Buddha and death are called, therefore it's called prison as white lovers.
White lovers, this is the aspiration. It's so important.
Again, we all should really remember that every hour we get the aspiration.
So, so important, so powerful.
And all the Buddhas, the bodhisattvas, when you look, you read life story in the TK,
they're going to be enlightened because they are aspirations.
With the aspiration, and then they walk in spiramitas with two accumulated turmeric.
So that's how this all is important.
Then with those visual motivations, and then, as we acknowledge,
is then the purity, the understanding, or realization of the three guys.